even when more salons arrive they can't
seem to break down the sardines
coordinated defenses
[Music]
with a shoal this big the sea lions need
to isolate a smaller more manageable
group of fish
[Music]
but with so few predators the fish still
have the advantage
[Music]
[Applause]
all the sea lions can do is keep the
sardines at the surface and wait for
others to join them
[Music]
tuna
their arrival changes everything
[Music]
[Applause]
tuna attacked from below cutting off the
sardines escape route down to deeper
water
[Applause]
[Music]
next to appear shearwaters excellent
fliers but also surprisingly agile
underwater
[Music]
with so many predators attacking from
all sides the advantage starts to shift
away from the sardines
[Music]
[Applause]
as the fish pack ever tighter they're
showing strategy now makes it easier for
the hunters
[Music]
[Applause]
copper sharks they've scented blood in
the water
[Music]
surprisingly perhaps the Predators never
attack one another they work together to
corral the ball of fish taking turns to
grab a mouthful
[Applause]
[Music]
common dolphins
as the show gets ever smaller each
sardine scrambles desperately to hide in
the middle but now there's no escape
[Music]
[Applause]
a brood as well finishes off the feast
tonnes of sardines devoured in less than
an hour
you